#summary Various notes and ideas on story.

= Introduction =

Various story snippets.

= Backstory =
<p>
long ago the land was at peace, the heavens were calm and Heroes still roamed the world. That time faded and the world grew restless, Heroes aged and died. A time of pain came upon the people of the world. Stories were but painful reminders of a better time...
</p>
<p>
This is when he appeared. He was wrapped in iron chains and his face a mask of anger.
</p>

= The Call of the Rose =
<p>
Oh, come to the House
</p>
<p>
Say by grace of the Hero
</p>
<p>
Take unto thee heart
</p>
<p>
Of the thorny smithen arrow...
</p>
<p>
Oh, this is the Rose's House
</p>
<p>
By day and night a Rose
</p>
<p>
Come chained and broken heart
</p>
<p>
Taken by love to close...
</p>

= Opening Sequnce (cut-scene) =

<p>
Long ago, a king of cruel intent reigned over the realm. He came to power carrying the broken bones and names of his enemies. One such opponent was his elder brother. The cruel king imprissioned his brother on false charges and left him to rot in chains.
</p>
<p>
Some say this would not have happened were there still Heroes in this world, bu the time of Hereos is long faded into history and myth.
</p>
<p>
Not long ago he came wrapped in chains and his face but a mask of anger. None stood in his path as he burned a bloody trail to the throne. There he slew the king and began his rule. Now the world is restless, evil has returnedto the realm.The stories of the time of heroes are but painful memories of a lost day. It is into this world that babes come crying and mothers hopes are lost in the night. It is in this world we strive for Heroes to return...
</p>

= Opening Monologue =
<p>
Your birth, while unmiraculuos, has brought you into an extraordinary time. The time of Heroes is passed and an evil grips the land. Beasts of hunger and rage have left the people weak and afraid. This is not a time of joy or prosperity but the beginning of a fading world. In this time of your birth one man is known to have brought this fate upon us all. A Chained Man... Stories speak of timeslong lost where the world faced such terrors and in those times a Hero rose from the gloom to save the world. It is in with your birth that this world regains some faint hope for perhaps it is you that will bring about the return of the Heroes...
</p>
<p>
It is in this time that you come to to us, and I, Baydun, depart. I've not left you alone however. You shall have Faith and my memories to guide you. now go, and seek your destiny...
</p>
<p>NOTES:</p>
 * Baydun's voice guides the PC through the game's story.
 * Baydun's voice is different than the "narrator's" voice.
 * I, Matt, was hoping to voice Baydun.